(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Going down the rabbit hole
♪ Where we're going no one knows
♪ Obstacles 'round every bend
♪ Let's see where the tunnel ends ♪
There's nothing like
a warm sheet,
fresh from the drier.
(SIGHS)
I'll be dead asleep
in no time.
(SNORING)
(EXCLAIMING)
Hey!
What are you supposed to be?
(VOCALIZES)
Give me my sheet back.
-Huh.
-(VOCALIZES)
Okay ghost.
So that's how it's gonna be.
I'm gonna haunt you down!
Give me my sheet!
Not so fast!
Thank goodness for two-ply.
Okay! Come on!
Get back here!
That's 2000 thread count
Egyptian cotton!
BUGS: Where'd you go?
I have had my fun
of you, specter.
Ha! Ha!
Time for you to get what for!
Take that and that and that!
And this and that and that
and that and that!
And that!
Do you like that?
You glorified poltergeist!
(WHEEZING)
I'd really be freaked out now
if I actually believed
in ghosts.
(YELPS)
Oh! No you don't!
(GRUNTING)
BUGS: Hey!
Who turned out the lights?
(VOCALIZES)
A-ha!
Gotcha!
Argh!
Open up!
Huh!
Can we iron out
our differences?
Open up.
Come out, come out.
Wherever you are!
Mommy!
Hmm.
Stop it!
Nobody possesses
Bugs Bunny's guest house.
(GRUNTING)
(GULPING)
You're drinking
straight from the carton?
That's the last straw!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Wow, wow, wow, wow!
That tears it!
Look what you've done now!
Look pal, maybe we got off
on the wrong foot here.
I mean there's no reason
why the two of can't get...
(TOILET FLUSHING)
-Are you ready?
-Uh-huh.
Are you sure?
-Now, what's this all
really about?
(MUMBLING)
I can't understand
a word you're saying.
Hold on one second.
How can I be a ghost
without a sheet?
You need a costume?
That's what you're all
grave about?
Well, I can't scare people
if they can't see me!
Why didn't you say so?
I can make you
a super scary costume.
Now, follow me.
Okay, first things first.
Am I scary?
Oh, yeah.
People hate alarm clocks.
-BUGS: And this.
-(CHOKING)
And this.
How do I look now?
(GASPS) I can hardly stand
to be in the same room
with you.
But we are not finished yet.
BUGS: This. And one of these.
Some of these.
And the piece de resistance.
Voila!
You are the creepiest,
scariest ghost I've ever seen!
Really? Do I look like
a vision of the other world?
Oh, you look otherworldly.
That's for sure.
Try to scare me.
(VOCALIZES)
Yeah! Try something scarier.
Like happy birthday.
(VOCALIZES) Happy birthday!
Ahh! Oh, man!
That's terrifying!
Now get out there
and scare some people.
If I were you, I'd start
right next door.
(SIGH) Man!
I thought I'd never get rid
of that dead weight.
(THUNDER BREAKING)
(DOOR CREAKS)
(VOCALIZES) Happy birthday!
(WILE SCREAMING)
(WHISPERING) Happy birthday!
Porky recommended it.
He says the characters
are compelling.
And whilst the plot is
somewhat derivative at first,
it wildly builds to
a feverish pace,
then turns the whole thing
into a riveting affair.
Episode one.
(TV SHOW THEME PLAYING)
Wow!
Porky, you weren't kidding.
That was amazing!
Must watch episode two!
(TV SHOW THEME PLAYING)
Porky, curse you!
I can't leave the TV!
Must watch season 14!
-(SIGHS)
-(TV SHOW THEME PLAYING)
Ah!
What a satisfying
conclusion to season 57.
You could almost
end the show there.
Okay, on to season 58.
-TERRY: I don't know.
-Huh?
If you ask me, it kinda
jumped the shark
back on S36, E12.
Hey! What's the big idea?
-Who are you?
-Oh, uh. (CHUCKLES)
I'm a Dust Bunny,
name's Terry.
How are ya?
Dust?
But where'd you come from?
Well, you have to admit,
you kind of let the place go.
Listen, you gotta scram!
I'm a genuine germophobe.
Hey! I'm not going nowhere!
This is my place now,
and there ain't nothing
you can do about it!
Oh, yeah?
Get out of my house!
Why you little... I'll teach
you to dirty up my place!
Bringing your dust all over,
sitting on my sofa.
Well, that ought to be
the end of that.
(SCREAMING)
Oh, hello!
You've really
put yourself together.
(STAMMERING) I mean,
you clean up nice.
Although, uh,
you got a little something
on your face.
-Right there.
-I do?
Go like this.
-Uh, did I get it?
-Nope, go like this.
-Better?
-More like this.
Now go like this.
-(LAUGHING)
-(SWING MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey! (SCREAMING)
Give me that!
Let's see how you like
being swept out of the house!
I think it's time
to bust this dust!
MAN ON TV: Up next, compulsive cleaning!
(LAUGHS)
This hoarder has a house full of hamsters!
-(DOOR BELL RINGS)
-Huh? Aw!
What?
Bugsy Haze here
with a question for ya.
-Huh?
-Is your household cleaner
tough on germs?
And judging by this place,
apparently not.
Uh... (CHUCKLES)
Yeah.
Well, I'm here to
talk about Moxy-Clean.
The household product that's
more than just a cleaner.
It's a sanitizer.
It's a deodorizer.
It's a salad dressing.
-Mmm.
-That's not all.
It slices. It dices.
It breaks down the dirt
at the molecular level
and blasts dark carbons
and pollutants
so you don't have to.
It cleans 99% of
household dust.
Oh, come on now.
You just name it,
Moxy-Clean will tame it.
Oh, yeah? Really?
I bet it couldn't tame me!
Well, I don't know.
I mean, we never
really actually...
Come on big talker!
Let's see if you could
take this dirt ball down!
All right doc,
you asked for it.
Just my luck.
This guy is the 1%.
(SCREAMING)
-Howdy Terry?
-Hey good lookin'.
Wait a minute.
You two know each other?
Sure. He and I used to
hide under your bed.
Uh, forget I asked.
ALL: Hiya fellas!
-(BUGS SCREAMING)
-Let's get him!
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
(BUGS SCREAMING)
I believe it was
Shakespeare who said,
"It will hath put a spirit
of youth in everything."
(CONTINUES SCREAMING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
(WIND WHOOSHING)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
My leaves!
My branches!
My life-long desire to dance
in the Russian ballet!
We're never gonna
catch him like this!
We've gotta pull together
and work as one.
(ALL INHALING DEEPLY)
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROWLING)
(POP MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey! Now that's
what I call clean.
-(GASPS)
-(PANTING)
(SIGHS)
It was just a dream.
Better safe than sorry.
TERRY: I couldn't disagree
with you more.
(GASPS)
(GROWLING)
♪ Going down the rabbit hole
♪ Where we're going no one knows
♪ Obstacles 'round every bend
♪ Let's see where the tunnel ends ♪